Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Nine.
In last lecture we created is full fields.
That is the name you provide for to the email and the UID.
Now, for us to be able to use this for field, we have to pass it on to the constructor.
Okay.
Now, over here.
What we simply did was to convert those four fields to a map.
Okay, then over here we created instructions of all the user is going to create an account.
Okay.
Now, in this lecture, I signed this for Fields.
To do this, I'm going to go to our ODS controller.
First of all, I'm going to control vitamin SWIDER.
Okay.
Now we're going to call that user model.
So good to see you.
It's a record.
It's user.
Okay.
This is going to go for this over here.
I can see how this feels recreated.
But what I want to do first over here.
They're going to see this model.
And the reason for this is we also have a user which is coming from the heart.
So that's our heroes.
Okay.
So this should be.
Model standards user.
Right.
Okay.
Now what you're going to do because stored this new variable called our study results in a very well
called user equates to there's going to be a type of.
Model.
That is a great.
So for the name recognizer, it's to the user name.
Okay.
So for the name we're going to see.
Username.
Okay.
So user name.
For the profile, the photo is going to be the download the URL.
Download.
You are real.
Okay, Duchess, after uploading the image, remember we did this in order to retrieve the image.
Okay.
Great.
Now for the new ID, this is going to be.
That is the Cavendish discovery.
It's going to be Creed.
Then.
DART user standards.
You Heidi, as well.
You can toss the ask permission to see it's kind of be now.
Okay, great.
Now, finally, we are going to upload the data.
So to do that, first of all, we are going to create a user.
I'm going to create a user coalition or like a future where our users is going to be stored.
So to do that, what you're going to do over.
Yeah.
Right.
Okay.
We are going to see a firestorm.
The vote credit available, which is only owed in the first five years faster.
So this is gonna be faster.
Dot coalition.
You're going to call this coalition users.
Okay.
So the users coalition.
You can see this as if for.
Okay.
That is going to talk.
We are going to connect the user with the users coalition.
So this is going to be.
Creed as a dirt user.
The dirt.
You did.
As well.
Okay.
Now I know that's a hard others fields or we just have to do is.
Dot set.
Okay.
The revenue comes in.
This user user is a variable audit of this fields.
Okay.
So I'm going to say user dot.
To.
Jason.
Okay.
Let's see.
We have to remove this.
Okay.
Great.
So this is basically it's right.
So this basically it's.
We can as well with this.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.